clarify macro properties aren't supported in dbt_project.yml (#3989)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/macro-properties.md

title: Macro properties
---

> Macro properties can be declared in `.yml` files, except in the `dbt_project.yml` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Macro properties can be declared in any `.yml` file except for the `dbt_project.yml` file.
```

> You can name these files `whatever_you_want.yml`, and nest them arbitrarily deeply in sub-folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can name these files `whatever_you_want.yml` and nest them arbitrarily deep in sub-folders.
```
